hello how are you welcome
cooking the other day coming back from the
party praying from the club at home
friends asked me to prepare a
tuna burrito like delphi shares
for obvious reasons at 4 in the morning not
I had fresh tuna but I made them with
canned tuna and it tasted great they are not
goes the recipe to make the burrito
of tuna at home very fast
skillet
olive oil
chopped onion
canned tuna tuna can be in water or in
oil
this is in water
As they did not have fresh tuna
it occurred to me why not do it with a
canned tuna and it tasted great
that all that does not have to be his
Manchego cheese house
if the bronx
a little cilantro
Serrated chinito serrano
we remove etcetera and I also remove it
with tuna
that the taquitos were very good
acts
and we made them in
5 minutes is working and all
fascinated
let's season the compound is magic
in English
soy sauce
because of pepper
and squeeze half a lemon
and ready
we stir here on the cheese with the
tuna ok I have some flour tortillas
already hot
and we mounted some taquitos are about
burritos as they want to call
Benefits
great
they do not roll
and here I have a little dish
to ride our burritos with
marinade
and we mount our cries here in the
dish that we had left I think that
great
Now I tell you how they were
Thank you